# N49 The Mystery Wind

1. tend  v. take care of or give special attention to sth or sb

   * a shepherd tending his sheep
   
   * Doctors and nurses tended the injured.
   
2. swirl  v. move around quickly in a circle （使）打旋，旋动，起漩涡

   * The wind swirled around Taba.
   
3. hushed  adj. quiet because people are listening, waiting to hear sth, or talking quietly 安静的，寂静的

* hushed tones / voice / whispers etc

4. fulfill  v. do or achieve what was hoped for or expected 实现

* fulfill your wish/dream/ambition/potential

5. startle  v. surprise sb suddenly in a way that slightly shocks or frightens them 

   * e.g. I was startled by her question.
   
6. wicked  adj. behaving in a way that is morally wrong 邪恶的; 缺德的

7. sly  adj. someone who is sly cleverly deceives people in order to get what they want狡猾的，狡诈

8. nasty  adj. very bad or unpleasant 极差的；令人厌恶的；令人不悦的

9. grant  v. allow someone to have or do what they want 同意；准予

* grant sb sth 

   * The club granted him a leave of absence for personal reasons.

* grant sb's wish

   * I would love to be able to grant her wish.

10. ridiculous  adj. very silly or unreasonable 愚蠢的；荒谬的；荒唐的

11. ponder  v. think carefully and deeply about sth

12. ease  n. 舒适；安逸；自在；无忧无虑

* put sb at (their) ease  使舒适；使自在；使不受拘束

   * The laughter put her more at ease.
   
13. toss and turn  辗转反侧；翻来覆去
 
   * That night Taba tossed and turned and had a difficult time sleeping.

14. rain  v. fall or to make sth fall on sb/sth in large quantities （使）大量降落，雨点般落下

   * Bombs rained (down) on the city's streets.










